bump: slf4j 2.0.16, logback 1.5.7 (#32497)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/typed/logging.md

## SLF4J API compatibility

Since Akka 2.10.0, only SLF4j version `2.0` is supported. 

> It is not possible to mix a logger backend supporting one version with SLF4J API of other version, that will lead

Reviewer: Or possibly, more explicit:
```suggestion
It is not possible to mix a logger backend supporting one version with SLF4J API of older versions, that will lead
```

> to no logging to output like this:  

Reviewer 2: Is below log message obsolete now? I don't think we want to encourage downgrading slf4j as is explained in below workaround.

Author: Yes, lets remove all the "working around this" docs.
